# Intelligent-thesis-Topic-Recommender
Researching a suitable thesis topic and choosing a methodology could be challenging for many students, especially those enrolled in conversion courses toward master's degrees or who require guidance in selecting a topic. Therefore, there is a need for a chatbot-based recommender system that generates high-quality research ideas based on user preferences, streamlining the information retrieval process by providing specific and customized subject suggestions and connections to related journals and supervisors. The author created a personalized chatbot that, compared to the current ChatGPT model, could more accurately and efficiently suggest thesis ideas and supervisors depending on user input. ChatGPT limitation of hallucination, concise memory and suggestion of non-existent journals was overcome by using prompt engineering and cognitive architecture to give a more specific and accurate result, Google API for journal links and elastic search for supervisor suggestions. GPT-3.5-Turbo model to produce a response to a collection of input messages using the OpenAI was used, performed GPT3 completion using Prompt, Text Davinci 003 as the default engine, temperature parameter to regulate the output's level of unpredictability, limiting the probability mass to the top-p most likely tokens, Token, Frequency Penalty (freq pen), Pres pen and Stop. 
The author used prompt engineering and cognitive architecture, a scenario based on user input was created using Prompt Addition, Answer Search, Answer Mapping, Cognitive AI and Flattening. Furthermore, strings of Text with attached Google API were created, and an elastic search for supervisors using fuzzy search was performed. The outcomes demonstrated that the customized Chatbot, called Researchy, could propose thesis topics, journal links and supervisors more precisely and effectively than the ChatGPT model. Additionally, Researchy’s natural language processing capabilities and recommendation accuracy were improved using cognitive AI approaches. Connections to relevant journals and supervisor suggestions were provided more effectively using the Google Custom API and Elastic Search.
Hence, the work highlighted the potential of cognitive AI approaches to significantly improve the accuracy and efficiency of academic support services for students, especially in remote learning and virtual support. With further development and refinement, Researchy and similar chatbots could enhance the quality of academic advising and support services, ultimately leading to more successful outcomes for students in their academic pursuits.
